Update the splash screen for new versions of docs (#14717)
cockroachdb/docs: releases/v22.1.md

{% for r in rel %}
{% include releases/{{ page.major_version }}/{{ r.version }}.md release=r.version %}
{% endfor %}

{% else %}

> Currently, no releases are available for this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No releases are available for this version. See the [Releases](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/releases/index.html) page for all available releases.
```

May as well link out, I suppose, though this should be sufficient either way.

Author: Agreed. Done.
